hey what's going on family its local in
here and I want to show you guys
something this is vance crafters YouTube
page now for those of you guys don't
know who Vance crafter is he is a
personal friend of mine he's a friend of
a lot of the YouTube community a lot of
you don't know who he is but he also you
know he does a lot of stuff for us he is
a associate producer for our podcast
called bike in the late night he also is
the creator of the texture pack that I
showed you in the video prior to this
and yeah he's a good friend of mine and
this is his youtube channel and he is a
YouTube commentator and he is funny as
can be really really funny good guy and
I wanted to share this with you guys and
you know it's just me exposing other
channels and so if you guys want please
feel free to go on over to Vance
crafters channel and check out his new
channel this is his new channel and so I
told him I would show it to you guys and
you know give you guys let you guys come
over here and see what you think I think
he has like what he has 78 videos up
here so you can go over here and you
spot start watching some videos of Vance
crafter it's pretty cool really good guy
give him a chance so that's it guys make
sure you come on over here just show
them your family support so let them
know that I sent you over here and let
them know that the family has arrived
and I know you guys will because you
guys are absolutely amazing so once
again you know I love will you guys you
guys are awesome so I'm out have fun
check out Vance's channel and remember
also his texture pack will be in the
description to the one I talked about if
you don't know what that is yet go check
out my video on his texture pack alright
guys talk to you later bye
you